typescript and zig . write unified crosstests for methods, follow the skeleton from already implemented solutions.

lib files to test methods from:
ts/angle.ts
zig/angle.zig

skeleton files(implement solution/response in same sequence as list of files below):
zig/tests/data_from.zig
zig/tests/test_from.zig
zig/test.zig
ts/terminalcall.ts
For test.zig, and terminalcall.ts, just response with code fragment to inject(no need full file code respond, it is huge pile of repeated text)

FUCKING IDIOT. I DO THIS FIX BECAUSE YOU CRAPPING YOUR PANTS.
WHEN I SAID "For test.zig, and terminalcall.ts, just response with code fragment to inject(no need full file code respond, it is huge pile of repeated text)". this means that ONLY THESE TWO FILES ARE MANAGED TO RESPONSE WITH FRAGMENTS. THE 1 + 1  = 2, IT IS NOT EQUALS TO THREE OF FOUR. IT IS TWO FILES. SO THIS ALSO MEANS THAT "data_*.zig" file and "test_*.zig" file , must be generated fully, follow the pattern/skeleton. Moron.

idiot... follow the skeleton, fucking moron. NEVER CUT/SIMPLIFY THE SOLUTION IF I DO NOT ASK YOU. If skeleton of terminalcall.ts includes switch it is because the data for tests oriented to this switch. You already created the test data with expected different units, and implemented the test injection in terminalcall.ts with only degrees return, with comment "for simplifity", probably to underline the fact you crapping your pants, and want to announce it with more focus. It is panjabi level response. keep it for your self. i use ai to decrease retyping similar code, but not to digg your stupidity.

idiot. when i said recreate injection for terminalcall.ts, this means recreate injection for terminalcall.ts . You do what is asked, not what you prefer. Do not overcrap response, with not requested full recreation of all the files. One step means one step. Not four steps.

fucking idiot. do not break the skeleton. if skeleton includes the imports, with high chance they are used. DO NOT BREAK IMPORTS. YOUR TARGET IS JUST EXTEND(make dumb loop and copypaste with modification). You are not engineering dead child with broken imports, and simple solutions(crapping of your pants). You just follow the skeleton and extend what already works. donkey.

next method to test is
